Host 1: I will give you a question that was actually given in the past Korean Ethics Exam.
[Question] I saw that my friend stole another friend's item and put in in his backpack.
What would be the most ethically right behavior in response to my friend?
[Answer Choice] 1. Put the stolen item to original place.
2. Talk to homeroom teachers in order to prevent my friend from making more serious mistakes.
3. Call my friend secretly and persuade him to return the stolen item to the original place.
[Both Host 2 & 3] Wow, it's too difficult!
[sub: Not easy at all.]
4. Think about why he stole the item.
Please hands up the number you want to choose for answer.
Who will choose number 1: Put the stolen item to original place?___No One
Who will choose number 2: Tell teachers what I saw in order to prevent my friend from making more serious mistakes?___Tyler from USA
[sub: Only Tyler chose number 2.]
How about number 3: Call my friend secretly and persuade him to return__South Korea, Italy, France, Japan, Nepal, Ghana, Russia, Germany, and Canada
But Zhang Yu'an (Chinese) did not choose any answer choices yet.
Will you choose number 4: At first, think about why my friend might steal an item from another friend's backpack?___China
[All laugh]
Err... Why did he steal? Err...
Err...
[sub: What's problem? Err..]
Why did you choose number 4, Zhang Yu'an (Chinese)?
Can you please tell us the reasons that you chose number 4?
I was surprised by other people's choices. Why did everyone choose answer choice 3?
[sub: I am very curious] Oh, that's becasue each person from different nation might hold different point of view.
There is a proverb in China: You cannot guarantee that everything you saw through your eyes is true all the time.
[Three show hosts all surprised by  Zhang Yu'an's comment]
In answer choice number 1,2, and 3, "I" judge the situation based on what "I" saw, and jumped to a conclusion that my friend is a thief.
But that is only "my" understanding of my friend's action through my eyes.
Host 3: So, you mean that the stolen item might be originally my friend's item?
[Sub: "I" should judge the situation carefully]
Host: Oh, wow! How could you come up with this idea? [Zhang Yu'an: Or maybe there might be another reason]
Tyler (American): My answer is similar with your one in some ways.
I believe that "I" as a student am not responsible to deal with a problem occurred in a classroom.
[Others: Oh, yeah]
If "I" tried to order my friend to return the stolen item to the original place by pretending that "I" am a police,
it looks too extreme since "I" do not have rights to command something to my friend.
Instead, this is something that a teacher has to do.
There is another reason. Given that my friend actually "stole" another's item,
my friend must get punishment for his action that violates the school rules and social moral principal.
Robin (French): You're right, but in this situation he is your friend.
Actually the term "friend" does not include such an important values
[Everyone is surprised.] Oh, really?
A "friend" can be just a person who is taking a same class with me.
Furthermore, just for a reason that he is my classmate, I must not hide his fault.
Julian (Belgian): In Belgium, if you did not defend your friend, people think that you are bad.
It is because of the history of "Resistance."
[Resistance: any of various secret and clandestine groups that sprang up throughout German-occupied Europe during World War II to oppose Nazi rule]
So, the Belgium and French think that protecting your friend is the best virtue.
If you told on your friends to the teacher, other friends think that you are very disloyal.
Rather than telling on my friend to the teacher, I think it would be better to ask my friend directly about his action to check what the truth is
and for next step, you can think about what you should do.
Tyler (American): But, I think we can think in another way here.
If you tried to solve this problem only with your friend without any intervention of an "adult,"
your action can be interpreted as a tacit agreement that you will not talk about your friend's fault to anyone.
In other words, you eventually participate in an immoral action.
But at least, you can "try" to persuade your friend to regret his immoral behavior
But if it does not work well, then at that time you can tell your teacher.
If you directly tell on your friend to your teacher, it is quite bad and disloyal to your friend.
Jiyoung (South Korea): Since I am his friend, I might know about his personality or characteristics very well than others
[Sub: Right, right]
So, I will try to persuade my friend quickly before others know about my friend's misbehavior
in order to protect my friend from falling into worse situation (such as being stigmatized as a thief)
Alberto [Italy]: There is no right answer here
There is no clearly right answer here, but according to South Korea's ethics teacher,
the correct answer is number 3: Call my friend secretly and persuade him to return the stolen item to original place
Most of you got correct.
There is a reason that answer choice 3 is correct.
Rather than punishing my friend for a reason that he violates a rule,
it is the most ideal judgement for you to help your friend feel guilty about his misbehavior
and make morally right decisions next time.
It really looks like a question in Korean ethics exam in the past.